Cockpit 186 (#229)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2019-01-23-cockpit-186.md

---
title: Cockpit 186
author: Katerina Koukiou
date: 2019-01-23
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-186
category: release
summary: Responsive system page and improvement in services page
comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We
release regularly. Here are the release notes from version 186.

### Services: The Services page has been redesigned to make it easier to understand

> 

Reviewer: This was in relation to the usability testing we did, it would make sense to mention that this is happening as a result of that.

Author: Done

Reviewer 2: Can we shorten the heading a bit, and move that to the text? Maybe "Redesign Services page".

---
title: Cockpit 186
author: Katerina Koukiou
date: 2019-01-23
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-186
category: release
summary: Responsive system page and improvement in services page
comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We
release regularly. Here are the release notes from version 186.

### Services: Redesign Services page

> During usability testing we found out that the service details page was hard to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
During usability testing, we discovered the Service Details page was hard to
```

> understand for administrators with a non-Linux background. The Services page got

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
understand for administrators with a non-Linux background. The page now
```

> included some improvements in this field.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence is rather fuzzy. Maybe "The Services page got updated to use more neutral and well-known terminology and a simplified layout"? Maybe @garrett has a better idea here. Otherwise this LGTM, thank you!

Author: Replaced with the sentence above.

> understand for administrators with a non-linux background. This release has

Reviewer 2: Let's capitalize "L"inux

> updated to use more neutral and well-known terminology and a simplified layout.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
uses neutral, well-known terminology. Additionally, action buttons are now next to service status.
```

![services screenshot](/images/services-relayout.png)

### Responsive System Overview page

These UI elements now adjust their layout to small and mobile browser
windows. This improvement will come to more pages in the near

> future.

Reviewer 3: The overview page now more optimally adjusts to small window sizes and mobile browsers. This is part of an ongoing process to improve layout across all of Cockpit.

Reviewer 2: "more optimally" isn't really a thing :wink: "adjusts better to small..."?
